You said Hall Master Bai was your brother
Then I also said that Red Star belongs to my Zhao family
Who wouldn't brag?
If White Sugar really accepts people like you
But he really doesn't deserve to be my brother
You can also take advantage of now to become a tongue
Wait for Hall Master Bai to come
You know
What a terrible existence you provoked
The frog in the well is talking about people like you
The truth is right in front of you
Dignity
Li Lan
Are you really the eldest sister of Red Star?
Chu Yang, a lot of things happened in the middle
Wait until this is over
I'll tell you slowly
Lonemoon
There were reasons why the eldest sister left you back then
In fact, he is the one who is not afraid of death
Under the banner of our Red Star
Get out of here
Hall Master Bai, you are finally here
It's this woman
He didn't just kidnap my family
He also hit me
You are rude
Look at him. Look at him. He hit me
Hall Master Bai, do you want to make the decision for me?
Go away
Useless thing
I don't care if you arrest the Zhao family
I can ignore you if you hit Zhao Yunxue
But you despise Red Star
Pretending to be the eldest sister, I will never forgive you